Chairman Wormsley : This meeting of the CTAS County Commission will come to order. Clerk please call the role.
Chairman Wormsley: Each of you has received the agenda. I will entertain a motion that the agenda be
approved.
Commissioner Brown: So moved.
Commissioner Hobbs: Seconded
Chairman Wormsley: It has been moved and seconded that the agenda be approved as received by the
members. All those in favor signify by saying "Aye"?...Opposed by saying "No"?...The agenda is approved.
You have received a copy of the minutes of the last meeting. Are there any corrections or additions to the
meeting?
Commissioner McCroskey: Mister Chairman, my name has been omitted from the Special Committee on
Indigent Care.
Chairman Wormsley: Thank you. If there are no objections, the minutes will be corrected to include the
name of Commissioner McCroskey. Will the clerk please make this correction. Any further corrections?
Seeing none, without objection the minutes will stand approved as read. (This is sort of a short cut way
that is commonly used for approval of minutes and/or the agenda rather than requiring a motion and
second.)
Chairman Wormsley: Commissioner Adkins, the first item on the agenda is yours.
Commissioner Adkins: Mister Chairman, I would like to make a motion to approve the resolution taking
money from the Data Processing Reserve Account in the County Clerk's office and moving it to the
equipment line to purchase a laptop computer.
Commissioner Carmical: I second the motion.
Chairman Wormsley: This resolution has a motion and second. Will the clerk please take the vote.
Chairman Wormsley: The resolution passes. We will now take up old business. At our last meeting,
Commissioner McKee, your motion to sell property near the airport was deferred to this meeting. You are
recognized.
Commissioner McKee: I move to withdraw that motion.
Chairman Wormsley: Commissioner McKee has moved to withdraw his motion to sell property near the
airport. Seeing no objection, this motion is withdrawn. The next item on the agenda is Commissioner
Rodgers'.
Commissioner Rodgers: I move adopton of the resolution previously provided to each of you to increase
the state match local litigation tax in circuit, chancery, and criminal courts to the maximum amounts
permissible. This resolution calls for the increases to go to the general fund.
Chairman Wormsley: Commissioner Duckett
Commissioner Duckett: The sheriff is opposed to this increase.
Chairman Wormsley: Commissioner, you are out of order because this motion has not been seconded as
needed before the floor is open for discussion or debate. Discussion will begin after we have a second. Is
there a second?
Commissioner Reinhart: For purposes of discussion, I second the motion.
Chairman Wormsley: Commissioner Rodgers is recognized.
Commissioner Rodgers: (Speaks about the data on collections, handing out all sorts of numerical figures
regarding the litigation tax, and the county's need for additional revenue.)
Chairman Wormsley: Commissioner Duckett
